   https://codepen.io/paigehicks/pen/LYbMKER?editors=1100
   
   
    1. What is Semantic HTML? -is the correct use of HTML
    2. What is HTML used for? -is used to structure a web page and its content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? -define additional characteristics or properties of the element. The opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? -heading on a website. once 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes -img & style 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? -the title
    7. What is an id? -specify a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? -any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? -specify a class for an HTML element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? -any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? -multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? -target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? adds a text description
    15. How do I reference an id? #myId
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div -<section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any real meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? -define styles for your web pages 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one -ID is used once and class can be used multiple times / <h1 id="myHeader"> , <span class="note">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .myClass
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? -selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. ("parent > child")
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? :linkSelector
    24. What is a pseudo selector? -it selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? - line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transformation: 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 1px border-style: dotted color: black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?  ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? a few times per hour/ adding a new feature
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork your own repo, clone your own repo, create your own branch name, add and commit changes in local repo, push changes to remote repo (github)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? -block-level HTML element will always create a new line after the closing tag, whereas an inline HTML element will not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? -t sits on its own layer separate from everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? - the box model wraps around everything on the web page, giving margins, padding and borders

